# MMCUtility
Moodle Multiple Choice Exam Preparation Utility

This is a set of small utility applications I have written according to our needs during the pandemic, in N.E.U. Meram Medical Faculty for:

1. MMCExam: Easily preparing an examination offline with questions' embedded meta-information and for single-attempt uploading to a Moodle Exam Server. i.e. we typically accept sets of questions with a definite number from several departments for a general committee examination. The questions are normally needed to be entered to the system online, which is much slower due to web latencies during page switches and also having a cumbersome interface with many unneeded features for a straightforward multiple-choice examination such as ours. This utility is meant to provide the operator a much faster and pratical user interface specialized for only homogeneous multiple choice exams. It basically accepts a predefined number of questions via separate fields (fitted for fast copy-paste operation from e.g. a word file). Formulas and other mathematical support is over LaTeX support. Currently, adding a single .png or .jpg figure to the question body is possible. In the future, figure support for multiple-choice answers is planned. Figures are encoded to BASE64 and suitably embedded to the destination Moodle XML file, which is typically generated after all questions are prepared. I wrote it fast for a quick need during pandemic conditions so it is currently in Turkish, but I have plans to provide English and French support in the following weeks.

2. MMCResult: Another small GUI-utility, which takes multiple-choice exam results for a Moodle Exam (Quiz) in JSON format, parses it, calculates the grades of students according to our Faculty lawsuite and saves it in formatted table/txt format. Using metadata s.a. the department to which the question belongs to, for calculating grades with rules differing for each subset of questions is possible.
